0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Augment Therapy partners with Niantic to revolutionize physical
rehabilitation with AR pets

Cleveland

Oct 16

Written By Ohio Tech News

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/1e201f6a-0d7a-45cd-a4a4-3ac4a17141ac/AugmentTherapy+X+Niantic+-+withlogos.jpg\\")

Augment Therapy is teaming up with Niantic, creators of popular augmented
reality (AR) games like Pokémon GO and Peridot, to transform physical
rehabilitation. The collaboration integrates Niantic’s beloved virtual pets,
called \"Dots,\" into therapeutic exercises, offering patients a fun and
engaging way to improve mobility.

Patients, including children and older adults, will interact with these
virtual pets using Augment Therapy’s ARWell app. Therapeutic activities like
walking, brushing, and throwing motions will be tailored to enhance patient
mobility, making recovery more enjoyable.

### AR + Physical Therapy

This partnership aims to blend the engaging world of AR with the practical
needs of physical therapy, creating a playful yet impactful experience for
patients of all ages. Niantic and Augment Therapy will pilot these Peridot-
inspired experiences in clinical settings and conduct research to measure the
effectiveness of AR in enhancing patient motivation and performance during
therapy.

Multi-phase research will explore how digital companions can boost
rehabilitation outcomes, with further developments expected to be shared soon.
Augment Therapy’s mission to make movement accessible aligns perfectly with
this innovative approach, bringing the magic of AR into healthcare.

### About Augment Therapy

Augment Therapy was co-founded and is led by CEO Lindsay Watson. Lindsay is a
former physical therapist that specialized in pediatrics for nearly 20 years.
Taking that experience, she’s now a tech entrepreneur with a passion to drive
change in the rehab industry by integrating innovative augmented reality
technology into treatment.

### What they’re saying

“We’re impressed by Augment Therapy’s success in using augmented reality for
physical rehabilitation. Together, we’re excited to create engaging
therapeutic experiences within the Peridot franchise that transform recovery
into a playful journey, enhancing motivation and making therapy more enjoyable
for patients of all ages.”

\- Asim Ahmed, Global Product Marketing Lead for Niantic

Ohio Tech News

Next

Next

## Path Robotics raises $100 million Series D to drive AI-enabled robotic
welding growth

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

