0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Columbus AI Week kicks off: Three days on all things AI

Columbus

Sep 18

Written By Ohio Tech News

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/1726577186285-DP860I6EK1TFHUH8ITNS/image-
asset.jpeg\\")

Columbus AI Week, a three-day event dedicated to exploring and advancing
artificial intelligence in the Greater Columbus area, kicked off yesterday at
Waters Edge in Hilliard. Organizers are expecting attendees from across
Central Ohio and beyond.

Scheduled from Tuesday, September 17th to Thursday, September 19th, the free
‘open-sourced, un-conference’ event features three days of comprehensive
programming with dozens of speakers.

The event is organized by the Enterprise Technology Association and a
coalition of community partners. ETA previously hosted Cincinnati AI Week in
June and they have plans for more AI Weeks in cities across the country.

### Day One: Responsible AI and AI Readiness

The opening day of Columbus AI Week centered on Responsible AI and AI
Readiness. Discussions dove into the ethical and regulatory aspects of AI,
with industry leaders and experts examining the challenges and opportunities
in creating responsible AI frameworks. The day concluded with the AI Woodstock
Networking Social, providing a platform for attendees to connect and share
insights at Crooked Can Brewing Co. in Hilliard, the Columbus suburb AI Week
is being held.

### Day Two: AI Leadership Summit and AI for Teams and Organizations

The second day will focus on AI Leadership and AI for Teams and Organizations.
Sessions with and for CEOs, CIOs, CTOs, and other leaders will take main
stage. Cincinnati area startup CEOs Maddie Bell of Scheduler AI and Tsavo
Knott and CEO and Technical Co-Founder of Pieces for Developers are among the
keynotes.

### Day Three: AI Research, Innovation, and Education

The final day kicks off with a Women in Tech and AI Breakfast, celebrating the
contributions of women in the AI field and fostering discussions on diversity
and inclusion. Columbus AI Week closes with an AI Hackathon which features
tracks such as: No and Low Code Solution Track, Custom Dev Solution Track, and
Community Powered Solution Track.

### Daily Highlights

Fireside ChatsEach day will feature topical chats featuring AI speakers and
experts from the Greater Columbus Region, providing valuable insights into the
latest trends and challenges in the AI landscape.

Featured and Keynote SpeakersProminent AI leaders, both local and national,
will deliver keynote speeches each morning, sharing their visions for the
future of AI and its societal impact.

Panels and ForumsThought-provoking discussions will take place as panels and
forums delve into critical conversations about the rapid transformation of
industries, governments, and communities by AI.

Workshops and BreakoutsAfternoon sessions will offer hands-on learning
opportunities, allowing participants to practice using AI tools and
techniques. These interactive workshops are designed to equip attendees with
practical skills and knowledge.

Lunch and LearnsOver a light lunch, attendees will hear from AI builders and
leaders discussing topics relevant to the day\'s programming. These sessions
provide excellent opportunities for informal learning and networking.

Special SessionsIn addition to the main programming, special sessions will add
unique dimensions to Columbus AI Week. Highlights include the AI Woodstock
networking social, the AI Startup Showcase, a media reception, and the Women
in AI Breakfast.

### What they’re saying

“At Columbus AI Week we will shine a light on the builders and innovators
influencing the development of AI technology and policy in Columbus, OH and
beyond.”

\- Zack Huhn, Co-Founder, Columbus AI Week

Ohio Tech News

Previous

Previous

## TechCred’s September application now open: State of Ohio program helps
businesses upskill employees

Next

Next

## Doohickey AI raises $500,000 from Drive Capital to streamline software
integration

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

