0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Doohickey AI raises $500,000 from Drive Capital to streamline software
integration

Columbus

Sep 17

Written By Evan Weese

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/1726487863271-OC4JNGS2VV3H71BPFLVW/unsplash-
image-jG8nlwLRZTM.jpg\\")

Columbus-based Doohickey AI has raised $500,000 from Drive Capital to build a
conversational, low-code platform powered by generative Al to help companies
quickly and seamlessly integrate technology systems.

The raise, which follows prior investment from Techstars and angel investors,
enables Doohickey AI to hire additional software engineers and more quickly
bring forth a self-service, AI-powered approach to building enterprise
software integrations.

### What It Means to Ohio

In addition to hiring, the company is raising additional funds and looking for
pilot customers, Doohickey CEO Ryan Lunka said in a LinkedIn post.

Doohickey AI will be demoing publicly at Ohio VC fest September 17th -18th in
Cleveland and presenting at Columbus AI week on September 19th in Columbus.

From startups to VCs to government, Ohio’s AI ecosystem is rapidly forming.

Lt. Gov. Jon Husted this year introduced an AI toolkit for Ohio’s K-12 school
districts.

In another recent success, Cincinnati’s BrandRank.AI, a pioneer in generative
AI-based brand search analytics, raised $1.2 million in venture seed and angel
funding to accelerate technology development, onboard a scalable sales
organization, and build support infrastructure.

### What They’re Saying

“We’re excited to partner with Drive Capital, both for their expertise and
shared commitment to Ohio tech. Software integration is frustrating, time-
consuming, and causes massive value leakage in enterprise IT. We look forward
to bringing on more Ohio talent to help Doohickey AI solve those problems.”

\- Doohickey AI CEO Ryan Lunka

“Generative AI has the power to improve the slow and costly system integration
process, finally allowing business leaders to manage their own integrations
without reliance on consultants. I met Ryan in our Chicago office and was
immediately inspired by his vision to automate the $150B integration
landscape.”

\- Landon Campbell of Drive Capital

“Super excited to share this news today! Drive Capital is on board. Drive
Capital is going a fantastic partner for us as we solve a really big problem
that is just such a perfect fit for the #genai paradigm shift we\'re rocketing
into. Landon and the team has already been awesome to work with.”

\- Doohickey AI CEO Ryan Lunka, **on LinkedIn**

Columbus

Evan Weese

Evan Weese is a public relations and content marketing specialist, helping
clients bring their business stories to life.

https://www.eazecreates.com/

Previous

Previous

## Columbus AI Week kicks off: Three days on all things AI

Next

Next

## All In: Baiju Shah on Tech, Innovation, and a Future of Possibility

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

