0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Forbes 30 Under 30 Summit Kicks Off in Cincinnati: Showcasing the next
generation of leaders

Cincinnati

Sep 24

Written By Ohio Tech News

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/1727112858982-JDRLMV9V0CJY0ZM1KKUY/unsplash-
image-WEFzTYtoE9k.jpg\\")

Cincinnati takes center stage this week as Forbes 30 Under 30 Summit kicks
off, celebrating Ohio’s growing reputation as a hub for innovation and talent.
Brought to the Buckeye State by JobsOhio, the event is set to showcase a new
generation of entrepreneurs, disruptors, and leaders from diverse industries.

Young leaders from across the country will gather in the Queen City to
network, collaborate, and celebrate their impact across sectors like tech,
finance, healthcare, and social impact. This marks a significant win for Ohio,
further solidifying its place as a destination for young talent and emerging
businesses. The Summit runs from September 22nd through September 25th.

### What it means to Ohio

The Summit will include fireside chats, networking events, and insights from
past Forbes honorees, offering attendees the tools and inspiration to continue
building new world-shaping ideas. High profile speakers and performers join
from the worlds of venture capital, entrepreneurship, media, sports, and
entertainment.

JobsOhio President and CEO JP Nauseef emphasized Ohio’s strategic advantages
in attracting young innovators, noting the state’s competitive costs and
robust infrastructure as key to fueling the ambitions of rising stars. “For
the next three days, young leaders and entrepreneurs will engage in some of
the most memorable personal and professional interactions of their lives at
the Forbes #Under30Summit in Cincinnati. They\'ll do it while experiencing the
city\'s vibrant economy, unmistakable Midwestern warmth and hospitality, and a
world-class array of food, fun, and freedom.”

Ohio, branded “The Heart of it All,” is rapidly becoming a magnet for tech
talent and business growth. The Forbes 30 Under 30 Summit is more than just a
recognition of young visionaries—it\'s a testament to Ohio’s role in shaping
the future of innovation.

“In Ohio, we make the things that people need to live and thrive... from the
food you eat, to the cars you drive, to the trucks that deliver it all, to the
airplanes that fly, to the cloud that connects us to our AI, and the chips
that power our devices and much much more. That\'s what Ohio is. That\'s Ohio
and we are the heart of it all,” added Ohio Lt. Governor Jon Husted.

### What’s next

With an influx of young visionaries convening in Cincinnati, Ohio is
positioning itself to continue its momentum as a top destination for
entrepreneurial talent, setting the stage for future economic growth and
innovation.

The Forbes 30 Under 30 Summit in Cincinnati is more than a gathering of bright
minds—it\'s a celebration of Ohio’s commitment to supporting the next wave of
entrepreneurs and reinforcing its role as a leader in the national innovation
landscape.

“You can\'t do \'Made in America\' without Made in Ohio,” said Lt. Governor
Husted.

Cincinnati

Ohio Tech News

Previous

Previous

## Ohio’s High School Tech Internship Program hits record numbers, expands for
2025

Next

Next

## Greater Cleveland Partnership’s 18th Annual Best of Tech: A celebration of
tech titans and trailblazers

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

