0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Microsoft expands in Ohio with $420 million New Albany Data Center

Columbus

Oct 2

Written By Ohio Tech News

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/46ee6ead-a97f-441b-8541-c7456a43899d/unsplash-
image-M5tzZtFCOfs.jpg\\")

Microsoft continues its investment in Ohio, announcing plans to build a $420
million data center in New Albany. This news bolsters the state’s role in the
tech giant’s growing cloud computing infrastructure and reinforces Ohio’s
status as a technology and data hub.

Yesterday, the New Albany City Council approved a resolution for Microsoft to
proceed with the construction of a new data center at the New Albany
International Business Park. The development will span approximately 197 acres
along Beech Road, which has become a hub of high tech investment and
development.

The data center, part of Microsoft’s larger strategy to meet growing cloud
demand, will bring new tech and construction jobs to Central Ohio.

### Why this matters to Ohio

The Microsoft news is just the latest as Ohio continues to position itself as
a hub of tech and data center activity. AWS, Google, Meta, and Kansas-based
QTS Data Centers are other tech companies that have invested billions of
dollars into Ohio data center operations.

The Data Center Coalition put out a Data Center Impact Study highlighting the
industry’s impact in Ohio:

  * The data industry’s total annual employment in Ohio increased 23% from 50,330 jobs in 2017 to 61,740 jobs in 2021

  * The industry’s total annual labor income in Ohio increased 47% from $3 billion in 2017 to $4.4 billion in 2021

  * Ohio’s data center industry directly and indirectly generated $2.6 billion in total state and local tax revenues in Ohio from 2017 to 2021

  * In Ohio, leading hyperscalers have invested in several solar and wind farms capable of generating millions of megawatt hours of clean energy each year

  * A leading hyperscaler trained 1,870 small business owners in Ohio through more than 75 digital skills workshops

### What they’re saying

\"“The City of New Albany is thrilled that Microsoft will be establishing
operations in our community. Data centers are key assets to the New Albany
community, allowing us to diversify the types of companies within our business
portfolio. This investment not only reinforces New Albany’s reputation as a
hub for innovation and technology but also represents a significant step
forward in our continued efforts to attract world-class companies to our
community. We are excited to welcome Microsoft and look forward to the
positive impact this project will bring to the region.”

\- New Albany Mayor Sloan Spalding

Ohio Tech News

Previous

Previous

## Ohio VC Fest 2024 sets new records, showcasing state’s growing startup
opportunity

Next

Next

## Toledo entrepreneurs create AI-powered, real-time support for mental health
issues

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

