0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Ohio: America’s next big tech hub?

Sep 30

Written By Couri Johnson

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/1727717182466-Q8PO8YMYG4RBFYDAB4AY/unsplash-
image-42sIVHLiWsw.jpg\\")

Ohio’s tech hub transformation is on everyone’s radar. And, thanks to the
concentrated efforts of academic institutions and both federal and state
initiatives, the state of Ohio is a hotbed of innovation and advancements that
reshape the state—and the world.

### Columbus’ Cutting-Edge Tech Ecosystem

The Ohio State University is a driving force behind Ohio’s tech presence
thanks to its focus on enhancing on-campus learning, embracing the latest
technologies, and attracting some of the brightest minds. Since 2018, its
major initiative has been to develop Carmenton, an in-person innovation hub
that fosters a vibrant ecosystem of engineers and entrepreneurs.

Construction of the innovation district began last year with the completion of
the Pelotonia Research Center, a state-of-the-art laboratory building that
houses new equipment, technology, and resources for cross-discipline experts.

Alongside the Pelotonia Research Center, OSU opened the Energy Advancement and
Innovation Center, where students and faculty can work on smart energy
solutions.

Now, OSU’s Board of Trustees is planning a Commercialization and
Entrepreneurship Center near the other two tech powerhouses.

OSU’s Dr. Anne Co and her team have developed the first Li-ion battery capable
of fast charging without deteriorating. Another research team, led by Dr.
Winston Ho, has developed borate-containing membranes that purify industrial
gases.

Thanks to the Office of Innovation and Economic Development at OSU, these
technologies are directly placed in the hands of major corporate partners and
ambitious startups.

### Akron’s Sustainable Strides

It’s not just Columbus that’s making waves; the whole state of Ohio is
impacting American tech advancements—and people are taking notice. The Biden-
Harris Administration recently designated the Sustainable Polymers Tech Hub in
Akron, Ohio as one of 31 inaugural tech hubs in the country.

The Sustainable Polymers Tech Hub is accelerating sustainable polymer
manufacturing in America. It aims to pair the largest concentration of
plastics and rubber manufacturing plants, machines, and materials in America
with research and development partnerships to develop cleaner, more
sustainable polymer production.

### Concentrated State Initiative for Economic Development

But, this level of growth didn’t happen on its own—it happened because Ohio is
invested in innovation.

The state of Ohio is offering $125 million in funding to Ohio state tech hubs
that promise significant growth through its Innovation Hubs program. Governor
DeWine also recently announced an $86 million investment in tech-based Ohio
startups through the Ohio Venture Fund.

### What It Means For Ohio

This strong focus on technology and entrepreneurship is taking Ohio to the
next level. From groundbreaking facilities to AI advancements, amazing things
are happening in the Buckeye State.

Ohio’s recognition as a leading tech hub sets the stage for dynamic growth,
not only in terms of innovation but also in regard to economic development.
The state’s unique ecosystem, where entrepreneurs and inventors can
collaborate, ultimately attracts the brightest and most creative minds. And as
Ohio continues to invest and drive industry initiatives forward, it only
further positions itself as a nationwide leader in technological innovation.

Couri Johnson

Couri Johnson holds a Ph.D. from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette and
is a published author. For more of her work, visit www.courijohnson.com.

https://www.courijohnson.com/

Previous

Previous

## Toledo entrepreneurs create AI-powered, real-time support for mental health
issues

Next

Next

## Ohio Tech Day launches with immersive tech experiences for the next
generation of innovators

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

