0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Ohio’s High School Tech Internship Program hits record numbers, expands for
2025

Sep 25

Written By Ohio Tech News

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/1727125749941-JNEZCQZUBE9AGTHIA9Z6/unsplash-
image-g1Kr4Ozfoac.jpg\\")

Ohio’s High School Tech Internship program, spearheaded by Lt. Governor Jon
Husted, saw nearly 1,000 students from 250 schools gain hands-on tech
experience in 2024—a near doubling from last year. This initiative connects
young talent with tech roles in software, cybersecurity, and broadband,
building the state’s future workforce.

Applications for 2025 program intermediaries, who help coordinate internships
regionally, are now open, aiming to broaden the program\'s reach. Selected
organizations will bridge the gap between businesses, schools, and students
for the upcoming summer internships.

Businesses and intermediaries have until October 4th to apply for the 2025
program.

### Why this matters to Ohio

Ohio’s focus on fostering tech skills early is essential to retaining young
talent and equipping companies with future innovators. With participation
skyrocketing, Lt. Governor Husted says the growing demand from employers
reflects the value of tapping into high school talent pipelines.

Ohio’s High School Tech Internship program is not only shaping future
developers and IT specialists, but it\'s also creating a sustainable pipeline
of tech talent that will fuel the state\'s innovation economy for years to
come.

For more information, please visit the Governor’s Office of Workforce
Transformation website.

### What they’re saying

\"This is how we keep our young talent in Ohio, by connecting them to
employers and career paths before they leave high school. When we started,
many employers were skeptical that high school students were up to the task
but given the fact that this year we hit a record number of intern requests
shows employers and students see the value of the program.”

\- Ohio Lt. Governor Jon Husted

\"Ohio is leading the way in innovation, driving technological advancements
that have a global impact. These internships help establish a recruitment
pipeline for businesses, while inspiring our future workforce to discover the
career opportunities available to them right here in Ohio.”

\- Lydia Mihalik, Director of the Ohio Department of Development

Ohio Tech News

Previous

Previous

## Ohio Tech Day launches with immersive tech experiences for the next
generation of innovators

Next

Next

## Forbes 30 Under 30 Summit Kicks Off in Cincinnati: Showcasing the next
generation of leaders

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

