0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Ohio State awarded $26 million for rubber research from National Science
Foundation

Columbus

Sep 20

Written By Evan Weese

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/ac5c98df-c7d5-4354-a996-e4af142b127d/OSU.jpeg\\")

The Ohio State University has been awarded $26 million in federal funding to
begin natural rubber production in the U.S. and enhance workforce development
to support the industry.

The National Science Foundation announced funding for the creation of the
Transformation of American Rubber through Domestic Innovation for Supply
Security” (TARDISS) Engineering Research Center (ERC).

The first round of funding will last for five years, with an option to renew
for five more years and an additional $26 million.

The ERC will create bridges between engineering, biology, and agriculture to
support alternative natural rubber production from domestic crops: guayule,
the TK “rubber” dandelion, and mountain gum. The initiative will create jobs,
train an engineering and agricultural workforce, and relieve supply chain
issues by building a domestic rubber supply.

TARDISS will be headquartered at the College of Food, Agricultural, and
Environmental Sciences (CFAES) Wooster campus. Composed of academic partners
and supported by industry stakeholders, the group will lead research
supporting the creation of what’s being called a “Silicon Valley of Domestic
Natural Rubber Production.”

### What It Means for Ohio

The project puts Ohio at the center of a global challenge. Tropical rubber
trees are threatened in the Brazilian Amazon, as 10% of the natural rubber
supply was lost to disease in 2019. Collapse of the supply could disrupt
economies around the world.

As lead of the engineering research center, Ohio State will partner with the
California Institute of Technology; North Carolina State University; Texas
Tech University; the University of California, Merced; Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute; and Case Western Reserve University, in addition to industry,
educational, and technical organizations including The Goodyear Tire & Rubber
Co., the Rubber Division of the American Chemical Society and the Waters Corp.

It’s not the first NSF-funded ERC to be established at Ohio State, as the
Hybrid Autonomous Manufacturing, Moving from Evolution to Revolution (HAMMER)
ERC was awarded funding in 2022. Ohio State is among a small number of
universities to have led simultaneous awards.

### What They’re Saying

“Our ongoing priority is to support the people, communities and businesses in
Ohio by leveraging the expertise and research of our outstanding faculty and
students through these partnerships. Ohio State is proud to lead this work
advancing domestic natural rubber production in our state and region.”

\- Ohio State President Walter “Ted” Carter Jr.

“Ohio State is prepared to make the most of this opportunity to get domestic
natural rubber production up and running. This significant federal support
coupled with the large network of expertise under the ERC umbrella positions
us well to meet the critical need for a biotechnology-driven solution that
boosts domestic manufacturing and reduces reliance on imports.”

\- Judit Puskas, professor of food, agricultural and biological engineering
(FABE) and a Distinguished University Professor at Ohio State

“Ohio State is prepared and eager to lead this critical initiative. This
center will integrate engineering with biology and other science disciplines
to understand how plants naturally produce rubber, leading to breakthrough
discoveries. Our innovation ecosystem brings together over 30 industry
partners, researchers, students, national labs and the community it serves,
and features novel programs to encourage innovation.”

\- Ayanna Howard, Dean of the College of Engineering

“As a land-grant university, we are dedicated to integrating research,
education and extension to improve industry, the environment and the quality
of people’s lives – and we work to ensure that groundbreaking scientific
discoveries are brought out of the laboratory and into the hands of those who
can put them to work. This investment from NSF celebrates the university’s
commitment to research that makes an impact.”

\- Cathann A. Kress, Ohio State Vice President for Agricultural Administration
and Dean of CFAES

“There is a tremendous amount of economic potential in U.S. bioengineering
that will be unlocked by the TARDISS Engineering Research Center. As a leading
manufacturer of analytical instruments used in macromolecular
characterization, Waters is pleased to support this critical research and the
light scattering technologies that will enable the cultivation and extraction
of domestically produced natural rubber for the benefit of American industry.”

\- Fraser McLeod, vice president, QA/QC Waters Division and Wyatt Technology
general manager

“The Rubber Division of the American Chemical Society represents hundreds of
companies that depend on a stable supply of natural rubber to make critical
products for the U.S. economy. This new Engineering Research Center will help
shift the production of natural rubber from overseas to domestic sources,
thereby improving supply chains for our members and creating many American
jobs and startups in our industry.”

\- Lakisha Barclay, Executive Director and CEO, Rubber Division of the
American Chemical Society

“NSF’s Engineering Research Centers ask big questions in order to catalyze
solutions with far-reaching impacts. NSF Engineering Research Centers are
powerhouses of discovery and innovation, bringing America’s great engineering
minds to bear on our toughest challenges. By collaborating with industry and
training the workforce of the future, ERCs create an innovation ecosystem that
can accelerate engineering innovations, producing tremendous economic and
societal benefits for the nation.”

\- NSF Director Sethuraman Panchanathan

Columbus

Evan Weese

Evan Weese is a public relations and content marketing specialist, helping
clients bring their business stories to life.

https://www.eazecreates.com/

Previous

Previous

## Greater Cleveland Partnership’s 18th Annual Best of Tech: A celebration of
tech titans and trailblazers

Next

Next

## TechCred’s September application now open: State of Ohio program helps
businesses upskill employees

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

