0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Empowering Communities: Leveraging blockchain and crypto for tech
inclusivity - Op-Ed

Aug 28

Written By Guest Contributor

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/ee6912cb-f5da-41bc-81f1-78c4b7b54e54/Doug+McCollough.jpeg\\")

By Doug McCollough, Founder and CEO, Color Coded Labs

As the founder of Color Coded Labs and The Columbus Rising Project, I have
witnessed firsthand the transformative potential of technology in bridging
gaps and creating opportunities. To continue on this path, we need to leverage
blockchain and crypto technologies to reach and uplift underserved
communities, particularly people of color.

Blockchain and cryptocurrency are not just buzzwords; they are tools with the
potential to democratize access to financial services, secure personal data,
and create transparent systems. These technologies can address the systemic
barriers that have historically excluded marginalized communities from full
participation in the tech industry and broader economic opportunities.

For decades, the tech industry has boomed with high salaries and job openings,
yet people of color often remain on the periphery, unseen and unheard. The gap
between the stated desire for diversity and the reality of hiring practices is
stark. Despite the proclaimed inclusivity, diverse tech candidates still
struggle to cross the chasm into meaningful roles. At Color Coded Labs, our
mission is to start a culture shift in the tech industry. We empower people of
color with tech courses built specifically for them. After they graduate, we
connect them to innovative companies dedicated to diversity.

Blockchain technology can provide a secure and transparent way to validate
skills and credentials, which is crucial for people of color who may face
implicit bias in traditional hiring processes. Decentralized platforms can
showcase a candidate’s capabilities without the mediation of potentially
prejudiced gatekeepers. By using blockchain to record and verify educational
and professional achievements, we create a level playing field where talent
and hard work are indisputable and visible to all.

Cryptocurrency can revolutionize financial inclusion. Many underserved
communities lack access to traditional banking services, which stymies their
economic growth. Cryptocurrencies enable peer-to-peer transactions without the
need for a bank, reducing barriers to entry. This financial autonomy can
empower individuals to invest in their education, start businesses, and build
generational wealth, thereby breaking the cycle of poverty.

The Columbus Rising Project aims to empower historically under-estimated
communities through technology by creating innovative solutions that bridge
the digital divide and foster meaningful connections. Our mission is to
enhance digital literacy, ensure technology accessibility and equity, and
develop solutions tailored to the needs of these communities. Recently, I was
chosen to appear in a national commercial series called Empowered by
Blockchain to highlight The Columbus Rising Project and communicate how
technology can transform lives.

The tech community in central Ohio has shown willingness to support diversity
initiatives, but intentions must translate into action. Partnering with
organizations like ours, the industry can implement blockchain-based solutions
to revolutionize recruitment, retention, and professional development. It’s
not just about opening doors; it’s about restructuring the rooms themselves to
ensure everyone has a seat at the table.

Embracing blockchain and crypto technologies is not merely a technological
advancement; it is a social imperative. By integrating these tools, we can
dismantle the barriers that have long excluded people of color from the tech
industry and broader economic participation. The future of tech must be
inclusive, and blockchain and cryptocurrency are pivotal in making that future
a reality.

Guest Contributor

Previous

Previous

## Welcome to Cleveland, the capital of sports data science

Next

Next

## Governor DeWine, CyberOhio launch $7 Million grant program to strengthen
local government cybersecurity

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

