0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Path Robotics raises $100 million Series D to drive AI-enabled robotic
welding growth

Oct 15

Written By Ohio Tech News

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/906dee72-1753-4877-9720-3da99ac5136c/Path+Robotics.jpg\\")

Image: Path Robotics

Path Robotics, a Columbus-based AI-powered robotic welding startup, has raised
a $100 million Series D fundraising round led by Matter Venture Partners and
Drive Capital.

The investment will accelerate Path’s mission to revolutionize the
manufacturing industry by addressing labor shortages and advancing autonomous
welding solutions.

### Built in Ohio

Path Robotics was founded in 2018 by brothers Andy and Alex Lonsberry while
working on their PhDs at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland after
they discovered a massive opportunity to rethink welding.

Today, the company\'s first robotic welding systems are transforming the
manufacturing industry by allowing hardware to do so much more, with much less
human input.

Path offers cutting-edge AI, robotics, and machine learning technologies to
automate welding processes. Their products, deployed across the U.S. and
Canada, enable manufacturers to streamline operations, boost productivity, and
onshore production.

### Why this matters to Ohio

Path predicts a significant shortage of 400,000 welders by 2024, making it
increasingly difficult for manufacturers to retain skilled labor. As the
demand for welders grows, competition for talent will intensify.

To address this shortage, manufacturers worldwide are rapidly turning to
automation and robotics. The market for robotic welding solutions is expected
to experience exponential growth, with forecasts projecting it to reach $10
billion within the next five years, highlighting the critical role of
technology in bridging the labor gap.

As Path Robotics scales its operations, the company is positioned to lead the
charge in revitalizing American manufacturing, using AI to fill crucial gaps
in skilled labor and drive profitability.

This $100 million investment solidifies Path Robotics as a frontrunner in
advanced manufacturing technology, with the potential to transform the future
of factory automation not just in the U.S., but globally.

### What they’re saying

“This investment from Matter Venture Partners is valuable, but their expertise
and relationships are just as meaningful. The manufacturing industry’s
challenge with the shortage of welders is not going away and they understand
the nuance of what we’re tackling. They are aligned with us in our beliefe
that to rebuild manufacturing we are going to have to create autonomous
systems that can take on the labor challenges currently plaguing American
manufacturing.”

\- Andy Lonsberry, Co-Founder and CEO of Path Robotics

“As a firm, we seek out transformative technologies that solve pressing, real-
world challenges –– and Path Robotics exemplifies that vision. Path’s AI
robotics technology is a game changer for manufacturing, starting with
addressing critical labor shortages in welding but with potential far beyond
that. We are incredibly proud to partner with Andy and the Path Robotics team
in their mission to revitalize American manufacturing and lead the future of
AI robotics in the factory.”

\- Haomiao Huang, Founding Partner at Matter Venture Partners

“America is leading the way in AI, but has fallen behind in manufacturing and
the hard skills that enable it. No Longer. Path Robotics represents a sea
change in how America builds things and sets the country on a course to once
again be a manufacturing powerhouse.”

\- Nick Solaro, General Partner at Drive Capital

Ohio Tech News

Previous

Previous

## Augment Therapy partners with Niantic to revolutionize physical
rehabilitation with AR pets

Next

Next

## Ohio VC Fest 2024 sets new records, showcasing state’s growing startup
opportunity

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

