0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Polymer Powerhouse: Akron\'s new $31 million innovation hub

Akron

Sep 12

Written By Keith Instone

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/1726013445680-OZBF45FROJ0ZEHVLSW6O/Greater-
Akron-Infographic-1080x1920-v2.jpg\\")

Governor Mike DeWine, Lt. Governor Jon Husted, and Department of Development
Director Lydia Mihalik recently announced the creation of Ohio\'s third
Innovation Hub: the Greater Akron Polymer Innovation Hub.

The Innovation Hub program’s $31.25 million award to the Polymer Industry
Cluster will be matched by $10.4 million from local partners. Funding from the
program is anticipated to lead to nearly 2,400 new jobs in the Akron area, 500
new STEM credentials, and $68 million of additional investment in the polymer
industry.

A significant portion of the state\'s funding will be used to construct the
Hub\'s Polymer Pilot Plant, which will focus on polymer innovations related to
healthcare, mobility, electronics, semiconductors, industrial materials, and
energy.

The Greater Akron Polymer Innovation Hub is led by more than 70 partner
agencies, including the Greater Akron Chamber, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company,
Bridgestone Americas, Synthomer, The University of Akron (UA), the city of
Akron, and Summit County.

This announcement follows Greater Akron’s designation as the Sustainable
Polymers Tech Hub of the United States. The state and federal awards are
distinct yet complementary to one another.

### What It Means to Ohio

With over 150 polymer-related manufacturing companies in the Akron region
alone, and more than 500 across Northeast Ohio, this award is another step
towards solidifying Greater Akron and Ohio as the undisputed global
destination for innovation and growth in and around the polymer industry.

Like the Innovation Districts located in Columbus, Cincinnati, and Cleveland,
Ohio’s Innovation Hubs combine the talents of leading academic and research
institutions, workforce and economic development partners, and private
companies to gain a competitive advantage through collaboration.

Akron\'s Innovation Hub is the third in the program. The first was awarded to
Toledo’s Northwest Ohio Glass Innovation Hub. The second was awarded to
Dayton’s onMain Innovation Hub.

### What They’re Saying

“Akron\'s history in polymer innovation goes back more than 100 years, and
now, the Greater Akron Polymer Innovation Hub will lead this industry into the
future, bringing tremendous economic growth to the area, thousands of jobs,
and millions in new revenue and investments. This hub will also support
Ohio\'s emerging semiconductor and battery manufacturing industries, which
both rely heavily on polymer materials.”

— Ohio Governor Mike DeWine

“Leadership in polymer R&D allows companies to create new and improved
materials with better properties such as strength, durability, flexibility,
and sustainability—making Akron the place to be for companies that need access
to these innovations.”

— Ohio Lt. Governor Jon Husted

“This investment builds on the region’s historical and current industrial and
academic strength in all aspects of polymer technology, continuing to develop
the workforce, creating the physical infrastructure and attracting the thought
leaders and start-up culture necessary to move to a sustainable future.”

— Mark Smale, Executive Director of Advanced Polymer Science, Bridgestone
Americas and Co-Chair of the Polymer Industry Cluster

“With the Polymer Innovation Hub, we have before us an unprecedented
opportunity to take our community’s history and build our next exciting
chapter, positioning Greater Akron to continue advancing technology and
sustainability.”

— Erin Spring, senior director, Global Material Science, The Goodyear Tire &
Rubber Company and Co-Chair of the Polymer Industry Cluster

“The consortium’s efforts are designed to drive industry growth and transform
our economy. This will be achieved by utilizing cross-sector collaboration in
research and development, workforce development, infrastructure, and
commercialization projects, which has positioned Greater Akron, and all of
Ohio, for catalytic investment from state and federal agencies.”

— State Rep. Bill Roemer

Keith Instone

Keith Instone is a user experience consultant, Toledo tech ecosystem builder,
and Director of Community Experiences for OhioX.

https://dexterityux.com/

Previous

Previous

## University Hospitals deemed healthcare-AI leader by American College of
Radiology

Next

Next

## Columbus-based Power to Hydrogen raises $18 million to help the world
transition to clean energy

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

