0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Columbus-based Power to Hydrogen raises $18 million to help the world
transition to clean energy

Columbus

Sep 10

Written By Evan Weese

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/8e8392ed-f6a4-402c-98f6-80b83d75e03f/unsplash-
image-ZKWgoRUYuMk.jpg\\")

Power to Hydrogen, a leader in advanced electrolysis technologies for the
production of green hydrogen, has raised over $18 million in a Series A
funding round led by Rev1 Ventures and Worthington Enterprises.

The funding will support Power to Hydrogen\'s global expansion through R&D,
manufacturing, sales, and marketing. The company will grow its U.S.-based team
in Columbus and grow with new offices in Belgium. Power to Hydrogen will also
complete the development of its industrial-scale electrolysis stack and system
for what it calls the largest anion exchange membrane (AEM) electrolysis stack
installment in the world, aiming to help the world bring down the cost of
hydrogen technologies.

Power to Hydrogen in a LinkedIn post thanked Finindus, JERA Co., Inc., Asahi
Kasei, INP Capital, American Electric Power, EDP Ventures, E.ON, ESB, and
Realize Impact for joining the round. The company also thanked BRITE Energy
Innovators, Third Derivative, Free Electrons Program, SecondMuse, Greentown
Labs, Rice Alliance for Technology and Entrepreneurship, Plug and Play Tech
Center, Cleantech Open, Startup Basecamp, and others for support along the
way.

### What It Means to Ohio

Power to Hydrogen’s investors have deep ties to Ohio.

A top seed investor in the Midwest, Columbus-based Rev1 supports and invests
in early-stage companies in software, life sciences, and other advanced
technologies through Rev1 Capital while fueling innovation and a thriving tech
ecosystem for startups and corporations alike.

Rev1 partner Worthington Enterprises, with global headquarters in Columbus,
has partnered with Rev1 since 2022 to fuel innovation in sustainability, smart
manufacturing, the Internet of Things, and data and analytics. Worthington
Enterprises makes building products, consumer products, and sustainable energy
solutions.

Apart from Power to Hydrogen, Ohio is home to a number of innovators in the
energy space.

In Cleveland, LAND Energy is using electric motorcycles as the jumping off
point for swappable smart batteries.

### What They’re Saying

\"This is a pivotal moment for us as we look to expand and continue developing
our technology. Being backed by leaders, including Rev1 Ventures, allows us to
be thoughtful about how we grow to ensure we can deliver on our vision. The
integration of strategic services and capital is a powerful combination that
sets us up for success now and in the future.”

\- Dr. Paul Matter, Founder and CEO, Power to Hydrogen

“We welcome an excellent mix of new investors, including the leading investor
in the Midwest of the United States, two of the most successful hydrogen
investors over the last decade, and strategic partners spanning Australia,
Japan, North America, and Europe.”

\- Dr. Matter

\"Power to Hydrogen is delivering an incredibly innovative green hydrogen
production technology that will advance sustainable hydrogen production.”

\- Ryan Helon, Executive Vice President of Investment Funds, Rev1 Ventures

Evan Weese

Evan Weese is a public relations and content marketing specialist, helping
clients bring their business stories to life.

https://www.eazecreates.com/

Previous

Previous

## Polymer Powerhouse: Akron\'s new $31 million innovation hub

Next

Next

## Welcome to Cleveland, the capital of sports data science

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

