0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# TechCred’s September application now open: State of Ohio program helps
businesses upskill employees

Sep 19

Written By Ohio Tech News

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/51968fe8-f6c0-4c33-9a1a-3b58ecfd6574/image-
asset.jpg\\")

A new TechCred application round is now open.

This latest round of the state program that helps businesses address their
workforce needs by upskilling current and prospective employees is open
through September 30th.

Businesses interested in applying can visit TechCred.Ohio.Gov.

The State of Ohio’s TechCred program provides funding to businesses of all
sizes and from any industry eligible for up to $30,000 per round and up to
$180,000 per year to upskill employees.

This July was the the 27th round of TechCred and 524 employers were approved
for funding. That created the opportunity for Ohioans to earn 6,747 tech-
focused credentials. Since the program’s launch, over 100,000 credentials have
been awarded as part of the program.

According to the state\'s announcement, AI was one of the top industries
awarded during the latest July round, with 1,061 credentials awarded. The
technology-focused credentials take a year or less to complete and can often
be done online.

Training for the January application may start on or after December 1, 2023
and must be completed within 12 months from the award date.

Upcoming 2024 application periods are as follow:

  * January 2 - 31 (closed)

  * March 1- 29 (closed)

  * May 1 - 31 (closed)

  * July 1 - 31 (closed)

  * September 2 - 30 (open)

  * November 1 – 29

Learn more about how TechCred can help your business by visiting
techcred.ohio.gov.

### What they’re saying

“This round marks the largest number of employers awarded and the highest
amount of credentials requested since the program\'s inception in 2019. The
TechCred program continues to reach new milestones, proving the need for
strong tech talent and training opportunities like this that help Ohioans and
Ohio businesses across our state.”

\- Ohio Lt. Governor Jon Husted

“We’re committed to equipping the next generation of the workforce with the
skills they need to not only get started in a great career, but to thrive in
one. Through the TechCred program, we’re making sure employers have the
resources they need to train and retain workers and shining a spotlight on
what makes Ohio the heart of opportunity.”

\- Lydia Mihalik, Director of the Ohio Department of Development

“We reached the 100,000-credential milestone in the spring with the TechCred
program, and it just continues to grow with this latest achievement. Setting a
single-round record for employers and credentials shows the continued
education that TechCred provides is crucial to Ohio’s strong economy.”

\- Ohio Department of Higher Education Chancellor Mike Duffey

Ohio Tech News

Previous

Previous

## Ohio State awarded $26 million for rubber research from National Science
Foundation

Next

Next

## Columbus AI Week kicks off: Three days on all things AI

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

