0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Toledo entrepreneurs create AI-powered, real-time support for mental health
issues

Toledo

Oct 1

Written By Lauren Moliterno

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/01f2b00e-9568-470e-a802-70bd5b9386bd/unsplash-
image-w1FwDvIreZU.jpg\\")

Toledo’s Inner Peak AI is on the forefront of delivering real-time access to
mental health services for school- and college-age with its revolutionary AI
model. The platform uses artificial intelligence to provide students with on-
demand resources created by licensed therapists at a fraction of the cost of
traditional in-person therapy sessions.

In September, the company was accepted into the prestigious Economic Mobility
Techstars program based in New York City. With an acceptance rate of less than
1%, Techstar’s intensive accelerator program is designed to rapidly advance
promising startups.

This recognition validates Inner Peak AI’s innovative approach and growth
potential, positioning the company to scale its impact on mental health care
while highlighting Ohio as a hub for groundbreaking startups making a global
difference.

“About 60% of college students meet the diagnosable criteria for having a
mental illness,” says Inner Peak AI Co-Founder Sean Wheelock. “The best option
today is therapy. But, what do you do when your therapist isn’t available? Or
worse, what if you can’t afford a therapist?”

Ben Anandappa, who co-founded the company alongside Wheelock, adds, “After
all, your anxiety doesn’t conveniently peak at 10 a.m. on Tuesday when your
therapy session is scheduled.”

Inner Peak AI’s technology provides young adults with on-demand support
anytime, anywhere. Users choose an AI mental wellness coach and then talk to
the AI chatbot, sharing details about their current situation. The generative
AI responds with tailored questions to better understand the issue. Afterward,
the AI coach shares relevant content created by a licensed mental health care
provider.

Leveraging this type of AI-powered mental health support increases
accessibility to mental health care for adolescents and adults. While not a
substitute for mental health treatment plans provided by clinicians and mental
health professionals, this use of AI technology expands its reach to help
people’s mental well-being in the times between talking with a human therapist
(or when psychotherapy isn’t an option).

Since the pandemic, student mental health has continued to decrease, according
to the World Health Organization (WHO). Mental health conditions like anxiety
and depression have become increasingly prevalent, posing a growing challenge
for mental and behavioral health care providers to provide accessible patient
care. This demand for mental health services underscores the urgent need for
effective interventions to bridge the gap between treatment providers and
patient outcomes.

### What This Means for Ohio

The launch of Inner Peak AI positions Ohio as a leader in innovative AI-driven
technology and mental health systems while strengthening the state’s
reputation as a hub for machine learning, natural language processing, and
healthcare innovation.

By integrating how AI tools work in tandem with mental health services, Inner
Peak AI addresses a significant disparity in mental health support for
students and young adults. This approach is particularly valuable in areas
with limited access to traditional therapy, offering a scalable and timely
solution for those in need. The outcomes mean better overall well-being,
better self care, and access to evidence-based resources for mental health
disorders.

Lauren Moliterno

Lauren Moliterno is a digital marketing specialist with a background in
editing and creative writing.

https://isynergy.io/

Previous

Previous

## Microsoft expands in Ohio with $420 million New Albany Data Center

Next

Next

## Ohio: America’s next big tech hub?

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

