0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# University Hospitals deemed healthcare-AI leader by American College of
Radiology

Cleveland

Sep 13

Written By Randal Doane

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/95d3eee0-70b2-4ba6-a3c2-67ffb0a0ce64/UH_Cleveland_Medical_Center.jpg\\")

University Hospitals, Main Campus (University Hospitals)

The Department of Radiology at University Hospitals (UH) was recently
recognized as a leader for its use of artificial intelligence (AI). The
American College of Radiology’s® Recognized Center for Healthcare-AI (ARCH-AI)
is the first national AI quality assurance program for radiology facilities.
The ACR recently issued this “seal of approval” for the UH Department of
Radiology.

Through the Radiology AI and Diagnostic Innovation Collaborative (RadiCLE)
program, the department has established an international presence in research,
development, and industry collaboration. UH Radiology is now recognized as an
international leader in the clinical use of AI to benefit patients and
caregivers. “Our expert team of radiologists, physician leaders, and
informatics experts,\" says Dr. Donna Plecha, chair of the radiology
department, \"are dedicated to maximizing the clinical applications of AI
technologies.”

The ARCH-AI recognition is based on a rigorous evaluation of UH’s use of best
practices in AI governance. Key criteria include maintaining an inventory of
AI algorithms, monitoring their performance, and ensuring robust security and
compliance measures. UH’s participation in the national Assess-AI registry
further reflects its commitment to performance benchmarking and safety.

### Collaborations and Partnerships

This recognition from the ACR also reflects UH’s commitment to strategic
partnerships and innovation. UH Ventures, the health system’s innovation and
commercialization engine, helped launch RadiCLE. RadiCLE collaborates with
start-ups worldwide to validate emerging AI radiology technologies, including
algorithms to identify patient fractures or strokes. By curating vast datasets
and conducting clinical trials, UH provides the expertise needed to refine AI
for real-world application. By automating repetitive tasks and enhancing
diagnostic precision, AI allows radiologists to focus on treatment tailored to
individual patient needs. UH, too, recently partnered with Siemens
Healthineers to upgrade its technology infrastructure.

While the potential for AI to revolutionize healthcare is enormous, UH leaders
approach its implementation with measured caution. Dr. Cliff Megerian, UH CEO,
emphasizes the importance of balancing excitement with prudence: \"AI is not a
replacement for human decision-making.” Dr. Megerian warns that if AI is left
unsupervised, errors could emerge in patient management protocols.

### Cleveland’s AI Health Hub

The Cleveland Clinic has been using AI in its department of radiology since
2019. That May, in the Lancet Digital Health, department researchers published
an article on an AI framework based on patient computerized tomography scans
and electronic health records. That framework was the first to use medical
scans to inform radiation dosage. This summer, the Cleveland Clinic was also
recognized as an ARCH-AI site. At MetroHealth, healthcare providers have also
used AI to improve diagnoses of sepsis and improve efficiencies in patient
attendance.

### What It Means for Ohio

The ARCH-AI site designation was unveiled this past June. For Cleveland to
have two of their three major hospitals among early honorees is impressive.
Each ARCH-AI site is required to:

  * Establish an interdisciplinary AI governance group.

  * Maintain an inventory of AI algorithms with detailed documentation.

  * Document use cases and training procedures.

  * Monitor algorithm performance, including safety and effectiveness.

  * Contribute to the “Assess-AI” central AI registry for performance benchmarking.

These requirements will help ensure a strong foundation for AI testing,
evaluation, and adoption at UH and Cleveland Clinic facilities, and ensure
Cleveland hospitals play a fundamental role in shaping big data for healthcare
AI.

### What People Are Saying

“[AI] is a reality, a pervasive tool and methodology of deploying technology
that is part of everything. So, almost everything we do in healthcare will be
affected by AI in some way.”

\- Leonardo Kayat Bittencourt, MD, PhD, vice chair of innovation in the
Department of Radiology at UH, and head of RadiCLE.

Randal Doane

Copywriter Randal Doane tells great stories about smart technologies. His
company, Cadence Editorial Services, works primarily with tech clients here in
the great state of Ohio.

https://www.wordswithcadence.com/

Previous

Previous

## All In: Baiju Shah on Tech, Innovation, and a Future of Possibility

Next

Next

## Polymer Powerhouse: Akron\'s new $31 million innovation hub

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

