0

Skip to Content

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

![\\"OhioTechNews.com\\"](\\"//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/afb4ad80-2cdf-468e-9e02-55929d535586/Ohio+Tech+News+-+white.png?format=1500w\\")

Subscribe

Open Menu Close Menu

Stories

About

Newsletter

Jobs

Advertise

Subscribe

# Welcome to Cleveland, the capital of sports data science

Cleveland

Sep 4

Written By Randal Doane

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/458ceaac-a82b-4275-9750-44f829f4478c/CLE+Clinic+DSL.png\\")

Rendering of the Global Peak Performance Center (Populous)

What’s the best American sports city? You might start with cities with teams
from each of the three major professional sports leagues: baseball, football,
and basketball. But let’s take it one step further: if you think about the
number of pro teams per capita in a given city, few–if any–compare to
Cleveland.

Here are the numbers. There are 3.1 million Americans in metropolitan regions
for each team in the MLB, NFL, and NBA. Cleveland has a metropolitan region
population of 1.8 million people supporting three pro teams. The City
effectively has five times as many pro sports teams than expected—and that
doesn’t even include our beloved Monsters of the American Hockey League.

It’s only logical that the best American sports city would also soon be the
American capital of sports data science.

In November 2023, University Hospitals (UH) announced a $20 million gift from
Jimmy and Dee Haslam to found the UH Haslam Sports Innovation Center. This
past March, the Cleveland Clinic revealed the renderings for their Global Peak
Performance Center, a 210,000 square foot performance training center for the
Cleveland Cavaliers, the community, and athletes from around the world.

This past week, the Cleveland Clinic announced its partnership with Sports
Data Labs, Inc. (SDL). SDL is a leader in AI-based collection, analysis, and
distribution of real-time human data. Their aim of the partnership is to
create the largest compilation of sports health data. The Cleveland Clinic is
also investing in SDL.

“This partnership with Sports Data Labs represents a significant advancement
in our ability to discover the principal drivers and modifiable variables of
human performance,” said Thomas Mroz, M.D., enterprise chair of the Department
of Orthopedics and Rehabilitation at Cleveland Clinic. “Much of what sets
athletes apart in performance at a granular level is still poorly understood.
We intend to change that.”

The collaboration aims to optimize human performance and mitigate injuries for
elite athletes and weekend warriors alike. Cleveland Clinic will support SDL’s
health services and insights for their global partners and utilize SDL’s
advanced technologies at the Cleveland Clinic Global Peak Performance Center
(GPPC). The GPPC is expected to open in 2027. Its staff will offer state-of-
the-art training and comprehensive care for athletes of all ages and
abilities. The GPPC staff will include top-notch MDs and healthcare
professionals from multiple specialties at the Cleveland Clinic.

Earlier this year, SDL was honored on Fast Company’s 2024 World Changing Ideas
list for its consent-based exchange to buy, sell, and trade health data.

### What It Means to Ohio

SDL is relocating its headquarters from Cupertino, California, to Cleveland,
in order to have its talent in close proximity to the doctors and other health
professionals at Cleveland Clinic.

Since they are the owners of the Browns, the Milwaukee Bucks, and the Columbus
Crew (Major League Soccer), the Haslams have a vested interest in the
sustained health of professional athletes. The greater goal of the Innovation
Center, though, is to assemble a sports medicine team capable of—and receptive
to—medtech and biotech innovation. They have already developed working
relationships with regional companies in these fields. Likewise, the Cleveland
Clinic and SDL are committed to harnessing the power of AI for health
benefits. Both the Haslams and UH staff and Cleveland Clinic and SDL expect
their discoveries to contribute to the health of individual athletes and
community health, too.

### What They’re Saying

Mark Gorski, Co-Founder and CEO of Sports Data Labs:

\"We are honored to partner with the Cleveland Clinic to build the most
advanced understanding of human performance, functionality, and optimization
in sports, providing best-in-class services and products to athletes at all
levels . . . Long-term, we believe this collaboration will further our mission
to help people live longer, healthier, and more productive lives through
personalized health management and enable true autonomy over personal data.\"

Randal Doane

Copywriter Randal Doane tells great stories about smart technologies. His
company, Cadence Editorial Services, works primarily with tech clients here in
the great state of Ohio.

https://www.wordswithcadence.com/

Previous

Previous

## Columbus-based Power to Hydrogen raises $18 million to help the world
transition to clean energy

Next

Next

## Empowering Communities: Leveraging blockchain and crypto for tech
inclusivity - Op-Ed

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/cdb6f878-df35-4d34-a5c0-5b345219d6c0/Ohio+Tech+News.png\\")

About

Privacy Policy

 _©_ 2023-24 OhioTechNews.com

All Rights Reserved

![\\"\\"](\\"https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/652035cb83a7e1704b403772/b2a2ea71-1c0d-4f9f-8c42-1867ed80d652/OhioX+Logo.png\\")

­

­

